add download plugin for JBR (#81)
mbeddr/mps-gradle-plugin: README.md

Dependencies of the specified plugins are automatically loaded from the `pluginlocation` and the plugins directory of 
MPS. If they are not found the the build will fail.

## Download JetBrains Runtime

When building MPS projects with the JatBrains Runtime, the JDK/JRE used by MPS and other intellij based IDEs, it's
required to download the correct version of the runtime. Since the runtime is platform dependent it's required to 

> download a platform dependent binary. While it's possible to add the logic to your own build script we prove a confinient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
download a platform dependent binary. While it's possible to add the logic to your own build script we provide a convenient
```

way of doing this with a gradle plugin. 

> The download Jbr plugin will add new dependencies and a task to your build. It will add a dependency to `com.jetbrains.jdk:jbr`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The download-jbr plugin will add new dependencies and a task to your build. It will add a dependency to `com.jetbrains.jdk:jbr`
```
